https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#updating

## Updating A Message Type

If you want your new buffers to be backwards-compatible, 
and your old buffers to be forward-compatible – and you almost certainly do want this – then there are some rules you need to follow. 
In the new version of the protocol buffer:

- you must not change the tag numbers of any existing fields.
- you may delete fields, as long as the field number is not used again in your updated message type. 
You may want to rename the field instead, perhaps adding the prefix "OBSOLETE_", 
or make the field number reserved, so that future users of your `.proto` can't accidentally reuse the number.
- you may add new fields, but you must use fresh tag numbers 
(i.e. tag numbers that were never used in this protocol buffer, not even by deleted fields).
- If you add new fields, any messages serialized by code using your "old" message format 
can still be parsed by your new generated code. 
You should keep in mind the default values for these elements so that 
new code can properly interact with messages generated by old code. 
Similarly, messages created by your new code can be parsed by your old code: 
old binaries simply ignore the new field when parsing. 

If the default value is not specified for an optional element, 
a type-specific default value is used instead: 
- for strings, the default value is the empty string. 
- for booleans, the default value is false. 
- for numeric types, the default value is zero. 
